In order for us to understand where we need to begin, we need to understand the flow of a payment,
right.
We need to understand how user is going to go about processing and doing a payment with Stripe.
And in order for us to understand that there's a couple of things that we need to know, we need to
know how to pay what stripe.
And so here I've drawn out a diagram that's basically illustrating at a high level what exactly we are
going to be doing in specific steps.
So first of all, we have our user here that is utilizing our app and that user needs to process a payment.
So in order for that user to process a payment, we need some kind of payment information from that
user.
So we'll have a credit card field where in which the user will fill in credit card info.
That credit card info will then subsequently be used to create a stripe payment token.
Now, this is a token that strike gives us to do one off payments to process a payment.
So you give it credit card info, valid payment information.
And what Stripe does is it creates a temporary token that you can then utilize to process payment information.
So we get that token back, we get that token back, and now we have that on the user for the current
payment session.
OK, so we understand that we need to process the information of the user for the payment.
We need some kind of ID for the user to do a payments.
In that case, it's credit card.
Now, don't worry, we're in a test sandbox and stripes of this credit card info is going to be fake
credit card.
So but then once we have that payment token, what do we do?
Well, then the user has a token that they can utilize to do a payment.
So we take that token and we go to our checkout flow and in our checkout flow now, we have subsequently
have to take that token and do something with it.
We need to pay.
And that's where we end up building our fire base function at the step at which we have our payment
token for the users payment information, we can now go to a checkout flow where we can utilize that
token to process the user's payment against a certain basket or cart or whatever else.
And so over here is where our firebase function will live, and it will take that payment token and
it will go talk to Stripe and we'll say, hey, this is what the user is paying.
This is what for process this payment with this payment token that they gave me.
And then the processing of the payment will return a status to our payment endpoint, which it will
bubble up to our application checkout.
And then our checkout will be able to process whether or not the payment was successful or herit.
And once we know that we can give the user back the state, we can tell them, hey, your payments exceeded,
your payment failed.
This is why maybe the credentials for the credit card were wrong.
Maybe something happened, maybe Stripe's now you never know.
But this is the core flow we will be building.
And so the first step is to go ahead and try to figure out how to create this payment token.
So let's take a look at that.